## Documentation of Portfolio Creation Process

When I first started planning my portfolio, I knew I wanted to keep a space and glitch theme that I had used in my business card. I started off by making the hero content/landing page. I wanted the icons that lead to my social media to be present and upfront so I put my planet background as the main picture and added a bar at the bottom to split the hero image and the main content of the page, but the bar would be visible when first landing on my website. For the navbar, I wanted it to be a little flashy but not be the first thing that is seen, so I chose to add a little light blue bar along with a red bar surrounding it. I decided on making the navbar fixed so it stays on the top left when you scroll for easy navigation. As you scroll down, you are met with the About Me section right after the social media bar. After the About Me section, I have a grid of all of my work. I organized the work through Illustrations for the first row, posters for the second, and then drawings at the bottom. Since there were a few horizontal pieces, I made sure to keep them in the center to keep it more visually appealing. After the artwork, I put my two coded pieces, the first being my business card, and the second one being a website that I made for a class about an F1 Driver. At first, I used an iframe to display both of the sites, but I decided against using an iframe for both because it was messing up the scrolling of the website. If your cursor was in the center of the page and you were scrolling down and passed one of the iframes, it would stop scrolling on my portfolio site and start scrolling on the other site. If I was getting frustrated at it, I can only assume that the viewers would experience the same, so I just replaced them with a picture. The business card website also had a very noisy background, and it became very obnoxious, so I changed it to just a picture. Lastly, I added a pretty basic footer, having my name again, with my email for a way of contact, along with a link to feedback about my site. 
<br>
<br>
Toward the end of the development, I decided to add a slideshow, or a carousel, on the hero. To do this, I had to use JavaScript, the first time I used it for a project. Before I was a Graphic Designer, I was a Computer Science major that was learning Java and JavaScript, but after I switched majors, I did not think that I would ever need to know it ever again, so I never tried to retain it. With the help of a friend, he gave me some code and explained how JavaScript weaves in with HTML and CSS which allowed me to implement a unique feature of my site, being the carousel.
<br>
<br>
One of the biggest challenges I had with this site was trying to get the hover effect working on my projects. I knew there was code available for it through the internet or through classmates but I chose against it and tried to do it on my own. After multiple attempts, I managed the hover to darken the project in the background, and have to have a text preview show up. Another struggle I encountered was the horizontal scrolling on my mobile view. I had to find every image or class that may have been too big and caused the horizontal scrolling, and to fix it, it was just trial and error of changing widths and margins.
<br>
<br>
Overall, this was a very fun project to work on. I got to use more code and build another website, but instead of making one around a driver, it was about me. I also never had a consistent portfolio, so having this website as something I can show people if they are interested in my work is very cool. I am happy with how it turned out, but one of the only things I would want to add is a "Resume" tab on the navbar leading to a page with my resume on it. Along with the resume, I want to add more works of mine so people can get a real sense of who I am.
<br>
<br>
Glitch effect: https://codepen.io/mftaskin/pen/poKGVQq